[icalendar] EventFilter for existing calendars (#8583)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.icalendar/README.md

## Supported Things

The primary thing type is the calendar.
It is based on a single iCalendar file and implemented as bridge.
There can be multiple things having different properties representing different calendars.

Each calendar can have event filters which allow to get multiple events, maybe filtered by additional criteria. Time based filtering is done by each event's start.

## Thing Configuration

> Each `calendar` thing requires the following configuration parameters:

Reviewer: I suggest to have a sub title ###Thing Configuration for "calendar" here

Author: OK.

| `maxSize`           | The maximum size of the iCal-file in Mebibytes.                                                                                                                                           | mandatory (default available) |
| `authorizationCode` | The authorization code to permit the execution of embedded command tags. If set, the binding checks that the authorization code in the command tag matches before executing any commands. | optional                      |

> Each `eventfilter` thing requires a bridge of type `calendar` and has following configuration options:

Reviewer: And a a sub title ###Thing Configuration for "eventFilter" here

Author: OK.

| `datetimeRound`  | Whether to round the datetimes of start and end down to the earlier time unit. Example if set: current time is 13:00, timeunit is set to `DAY`. Resulting search will start and end at 0:00. | optional                                   |
| `textEventField` | A field to filter the events text-based. Valid values: `SUMMARY`, `DESCRIPTION`, `COMMENT`, `CONTACT` and `LOCATION` (as described in RFC 5545).                                             | optional/required for text-based filtering |
| `textEventValue` | The text to filter events with.                                                                                                                                                              | optional                                   |
| `textValueType`  | The type of the text to filter with. Valid values: `TEXT` (field must contain value), `REGEX` (field must match value, completely, dot matches all, case insensetive).                       | optional/required for text-based filtering |

## Channels

> The channels of `calendar` describe the current and the next forthcoming event.

Reviewer: Ditto sub title ###Channels for "calendar"

Author: OK.

They are all read-only.

| Channel           | Type      | Description                                                                         |
|-------------------|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| current_presence  | Switch    | Current presence of an event, `ON` if there is currently an event, `OFF` otherwise  |
| current_title     | String    | Title of a currently present event                                                  |
| current_start     | DateTime  | Start of a currently present event                                                  |
| current_end       | DateTime  | End of a currently present event                                                    |
| next_title        | String    | Title of the next event                                                             |
| next_start        | DateTime  | Start of the next event                                                             |
| next_end          | DateTime  | End of the next event                                                               |

> The channels of `eventfilter` are generated using following scheme, all are read-only.

Reviewer: Ditto sub title ###Channels for "eventfilter"

Author: OK

### Configuration for `eventfilter`
Each `eventfilter` thing requires a bridge of type `calendar` and has following configuration options:

| parameter name   | description                                                                                                                                                                                  | optional                                   |
|------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| `maxEvents`      | The count of expected results.                                                                                                                                                               | mandatory                                  |
| `refreshTime`    | The frequency in minutes the channels get refreshed.                                                                                                                                         | mandatory (default available)              |

> | `datetimeUnit`   | A unit for time settings in this filter. Valid values: `MINUTE`, `HOUR`, `DAY` and `WEEK`.                                                                                                   | optional/required for time-based filtering |

Author: Yes - a week are 604800 seconds (if datetimeRound is set, day will be to Monday as this is the first day in java.time).

BEGIN:Calendar_Test_Switch:ON
END:Calendar_Test_Switch:OFF
```

## Breaking changes

> In version 3.0 `calendar` was changed from Thing to Bridge. You need to recreate calendars (or replace `Thing` by `Bridge` in your `.things` file).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In OH3 `calendar` was changed from Thing to Bridge. You need to recreate calendars (or replace `Thing` by `Bridge` in your `.things` file).
```
